Break out RDFC-2019 verify tests by keyType (#62)
w3c/vc-di-ecdsa-test-suite: CHANGELOG.md

- **BREAKING**: interop tests are now skipped by default; `LOCAL_ONLY` environment variable set to `false` reenables them.
- Support for issuing test data locally using VC 2.0 context.
- Support for running issuer-specific tests against an in-process verifier.

> - RDFC verify tests now assert against required `keyType`s
> vs only testing what is marked by integration as supported
> by `supportedEcdsaKeyTypes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RDFC verify tests now assert against required `keyType`s rather
than only testing what is marked by `supportedEcdsaKeyTypes` as
supported by integration.
```
